Merge pull request #16404 from jklymak/fix-add-base-symlognorm (#16541)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/prev_api_changes/api_changes_3.2.0/behavior.rst

longer necessary to import mplot3d to create 3d axes with ::

  ax = fig.add_subplot(111, projection="3d")

`.SymLogNorm` now has a *base* parameter
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Previously, `.SymLogNorm` had no *base* kwarg and the base was

Reviewer: kwarg -> keyword argument
```suggestion
Previously, `.SymLogNorm` had no *base* keyword argument and the base was
```
